 In your README, please note down:

- Your test perplexity and the corresponding comet_ml hash

    I trained my model for a total of two epochs:

    Training/testing after one epoch
    Test Perplexity: 99.30
    https://www.comet.ml/siy3udd6/chatbot/4ef5caf36bd5490bb8957be609194b41

    Training/testing after two epochs
    Test Perplexity: 25.01
    https://www.comet.ml/siy3udd6/chatbot/b8a52e7b19ff447495da7e2ff57be394

- A brief description talking about your rationale behind the hyperparameters during training

    hyper_params = {
        "batch_size": 25,
        "num_epochs": 1,
        "learning_rate": 0.000001,
        "window_size": 100
    }

    In the beginning while I was training, I noticed that my loss would oscillate a lot and not really progress,
    so I iteratively lowered the learning rate until I was able to get a low enough loss and perplexity.

    My batch size is 25, which is low but otherwise I ran out of memory. 

    I kept my window size low at 100, in order to speed up training a little bit. 

- Can you describe your implementation for generating the response given an prompt? 

    First I encode the original input, adding a bos_token in the beginning and a sep_token after it. 
    (separation token) I then feed that into the model, and get the top-k indices with the highest probabilities, and choose a random one to append to the input. If the chosen index is a separation index, I will choose 
    the next one instead. If the chosen index is a eos_token, then I will break the sentence generation early. 
    I repeat this process n times, and then finally decode the input. But first I remove the original input 
    from the response I print.

- Can your think of other ways to improve the current chatbot given the persona dataset

    I wasn't able to get amazing results, but there is at least somewhat a continuation of a conversation thread.
    To further improve the chatbot, I might try training with a larger window size, and try using a larger
    pretrained GPT2 model. 

    here is a sample of conversation:

    Please say something: hello
    (generated) good morning! what do i mean. what did your husband go to work out for you
    Please say something: what husband
    (generated) i do!!
    Please say something: fine
    (generated) it will be very hard getting a good job.. i work from time, what city you are 
    Please say something: new york city
    (generated) that makes my city very hot! its not the norm for my cats
    Please say something: i hate cats
    (generated) yeah cats do have cats.
    Please say something: cats dont have cats
    (generated) do dogs have any, but do have any in school i'm in elementary
    Please say something: dogs dont have cats. I'm in college
    (generated) you can have cats
    Please say something: thanks
    (generated) i am great what is wrong
    Please say something: nothing is wrong
    (generated) well it seems like your life would take a little break after all
    Please say something: i need a break
    (generated) what do you have to go to the beach with to? you like beach
    Please say something: i hate the beach
    (generated) yeah they have lots there and i like a boat, but it gets rough. i have not tried

